2023-11-14
----------

#### 1. impede
1. delay or stop the progress of sth.
- This work was impeded by the severe weather.

#### 2. pitfall
1. danger or difficulty, expecially ones that is hidden or not obvious at first
- The developers ofter fall into (the) pitfall of assuming that a variable will always have a specific value, leading to unpredictable behavior in their code.

#### 3. plague
1. (n) any infectious disease that kills a lot of people.
- The outbreak of the plague in the 14th century caused devastation and loss of life in Europe.

2. (verb) to cause trouble or pain to sb/sth over a period of time
- Financial problems are plaguing the company.

#### 4. curse
1. (n) a rude or offensive word or phase that sb use when they are very angry
- he muttered a curse at the other driver.

2. (verb) to say rude things to sb
- She cursed her bad luck.

#### 5. conjecture
1. (noun) a guess about something based on what it seems not on proof.
- There's been a lot of conjecture in the media recently about the marriage.

2. (verb) to guess, based on the appearance of the situation and not on proof.
- We'll never know the truth of the matter, we can only conjecture.
- He conjectured that the company would soon be in financial troble.

#### 6. tentative
1. (plan or idea) not certain, or (a suggestion or action) said or done in a careful but
   uncertain way beacuse you do not know if you are right
- tentative agreement
- I have a tentative plan to take a trip to Japan in December.

#### 7. disclose
1. (vert) to make sth known publicly, or to report sth that was hidden
- The company has disclosed profits of over $200 million.

#### 8. ratify
1. (verb) especially for governments or organizations to make a agreement official.
- Many countries have ratified the UN convention on the rights of the child.

#### 9. impediment
1. (noun) sth that makes progress or achieving sth difficult or impossible
- In a number of developing countries, the war has been an additional impediment to progress.

#### 10. phobia
1. (noun) an extreme fear of a particular thing, especially one that cannot be reasonably explained.
- I've got a phobia about/of phobia.

2. -phonia suffix, used to form words for types of anxiety disorder that involve an extreme fear of sth
- He seemed to be suffuring from a case of commitment-phobia.

#### 11. intertwine
1. (verb) to twist or be twisted together, or to be connected so as to be difficult to separate.
- The town's prosperity is inextricably intertwined with the fortunes of the factory.


2023-11-20
----------

#### 12. alienate
1. (verb) cause someone or a group of people to stop supporting or agreeing with you.
- I warn you do not try to alienate us.

#### 13. porch
1. (noun) A covered structure in front of the entrance of the building. 
- Then we sat out (on) the porch to cool off. 

#### 14. recess
1. (noun) a period of time in a year when ythe member of a court of law or other government organizations are not meeting
2. (noun) in school, a period of time between the classes that students dont need to study
- Students should go out of the class and do more pysical activities duing recess.

3. (noun) a small area in a room that is formed by one part of the wall being set back further than the other parts.
- The room has a recesss designed to hold a bookshelves.

#### 15. tortilla
1. {noun} a type of thin, round Mexican bread made from maize or wheat flour.
- Eat more whole grins food such a tortilla is good for your health.

#### 16. criteria, criterion
1. (noun) a standard by which you judge, decide about, or deal with sth.
- I think the excellence of a student's performance should not be judged by grades criteria alone.

#### 17. low keyed
- A person shoube be low-keyed.

#### 18. ethnic
1. (adj) relating to a particular race of people.
- Conflicts between the different ethnic groups in the country exploded into civil war.

#### 19. generous
1. (adj) willing to give money, help, kindness, etc.
- He is a generous man.

#### 20. bubble tea

#### 21. discipline
1. (noun) training that makes people more willing to obey or more able to control themselves. (constraint)
- parental/military/school discipline
- She don't have enough discipline to quit smoking.

2. (noun) A particular area of study, especially a subject studied at a college or university
- A theoretical discipline.

3. (verb) to punish someone
- Parents should discipline children for their bad behavior.

#### 22. foster
1. (verb) to take care of a child, usually for a limited time, without being the child's legal parent
- Would you consider fostering (a child).

2. (verb) to encourage the development or growth of ideas an feelings.
- I'm try to foster an interest in learning English.

3. (adj) used to refer to someone or something connected with the care of children appear in the first meanings.
- a foster home / a foster mother

#### 23. spare
1. (adj) if sth is spare, it's meanings it is available to use because it is extra.
- spare time / spare key

#### 24. passive
1. (adj) Sth happened to you can't be control by yoursel. allowing other people to be in control
- She is very passive in this relationship.

#### 25. show off
1. (phrasal verb) A behavior made by sb to intend to attach or admiration, that other perple usually feel annoying.
- She (only) brought that car to show off and prove she could afford one.

#### 26. roughly
1. (adv) approximately
- roughly speaking, xxxxxx.

2. (adv) in a violent and angry way
- She pushed the children roughly to one side.

#### 27. posh
1. (adj) a place or a thing expensive and high quality.
- he takes her to some really posh restaurants

2. (adj) people and their voice from a high social class
- A woman with a very posh accent phoned for him earlier.

#### 28. glitter
1. (verb) to produce a lot of small, bright flashes.
- Her diamond necklace glittered brilliantly under the spotlights.

#### 29. haven
1. (noum) a safe or peaceful place that can protest people.
- The government provide a lot of haven for the refugees.

#### 30. ointment
- eye ointment

#### 31. Karate
1. (noun) a sports, originally from Japan, in which people flight using their arms, legs, and hands.

#### 32. skim (skimmed)
1. (verb) to move quickly above a surface without touching it
- The birds skimmed over the tops of the waves.

2. (verb) to read or consider sth quickly in order to understand the main points
- We only skimmed through this articlem, we haven't read it carefully yet.

3. (verb) to remove sth solid from the surface of a liquid.
- skimmed milk

#### 33. rotten
1. (adj) decayed
- The room smelled of rotten vegetables.

2. (adj) very bad
- rotten weather

#### 34. nude
1. (adj) not wearing any clothes.
- Nude sunbathing only allowed on certain beaches in Astra.

2. (adj) being the color of skin
- Nude stockings

#### 35. site

#### 36. muck
1. (adj) sth dirty, or animal waste
- There was green muck at the bottom of the boat.

2. (adj) sth with vert low quality.
- The immigrants were treated as muck. 

#### 37. filth
1. (noun) sexually offensive words or pictures
- People complain about the filth on TV and in the press.

#### 38. wage
1. (noun) salary
- low wage / high wage

2. (verb) to fight a war or organizde a series of activities to achieve sth.
- They've been waging a long compaign to change the law.

#### 39. tin
1. (noun) a chemical element

2. (noun) a closed metal container in which the food is sold
- a tin of beans.

#### 40. lid
1. (noun) a cover on a container, that can be lifted up or removed
- Could you please help me to get the lid off this jar?

#### 41. lever
1. (noun) a handle that moves around a fixed point, so that sb can push or pull from the end of it in order to control the heavy machine.
- Give me a lever and I can move the whole earth

#### 42. excursion
1. (noun) a short journey for pleasure, usually by a group of prople.

#### 43. continental
1. (adj)  relating to continents, of or relating to Europe, especially western Europe, but not including the British Isles

#### 44. ornament
1. (noun) an object that is beautiful rather than useful
- a glass ornament


2023-11-21
----------

#### 45. cozy
1. (adj) comfortable, expecially (of a building) being smail and warm.
- The room is warm and cozy in winter.

#### 46. tide
1. (noun) the raise and fall of the sea that happens twice a day.
- The tide is out/in.

2. (noun) trend
- We must stop the rising ride of protest.
- go/swim against the tide
- go/swim with the tide

#### 47. moth
1. (noun) an insect with wings that is similar to butterfly, but usually flies at night and is attracted to light.
- moth to flame

#### 48. litter
1. (noun) small pieces of the rubbish.
- About 2% of fast-food packaging ends up as litter.

2. (noun) a group of animals that are born at the same time and have the same mother.
- a litter of kittens

#### 49. envy
1. (verb) to wish that you had sth that another one already have.
- I envy her ability to talk to people she's never met before.

2. (noun) the feeling that you wish you had something that someone else has
- I watched with envy as she set off for the airport.

#### 50. appraisal
1. (noun) the act of examining someone or something in order to judge their qualities, success.
- The newspaper gave an appraisal of the government's achievements of the past.
- job appraisal

#### 51. scandal
1. (noun) refers to an event, or behavior that is considered morally or socially unacceptable, often involving deceit, sex.
- a financial / political / sex scandal

#### 52. whine

#### 53. resit

#### 54. merit

#### 55. rigorous

#### 56. pacific

#### 57. chunky

#### 58. linen

#### 59. calm

#### 60. stor

#### 61. stock

#### 62. mince

#### 63. flute

#### 64. gloss

#### 65. pint

#### 66. consonant

#### 67. soya

#### 68. landlord

#### 69. lodger

#### 70. lounge

#### 71. bungalow

#### 72. thatch

#### 73. cupboard

#### 74. veranda

#### 75. windsurf


2023-11-22
----------

#### 76. embroidery

#### 77. suntan

#### 78. staple

#### 79. stapler

#### 80. temper

#### 81. cashier

#### 82. rush

#### 83. fastener

#### 84. estate

#### 85. goggle

#### 86. canine

#### 87. strap

#### 88. portrait 

#### 89. pardon

#### 90. stunning

#### 91. mediterranean

#### 92. faucet

#### 93. justtice

#### 94. prank

#### 95. frost

#### 96. slumber

#### 97. blender

#### 98. consummate

#### 99. idiom

#### 100. omnipotent

#### 101. irritate

#### 102. nicotine

#### 103. snort

#### 104. crack

#### 105. knuckle


2023-11-23
----------

#### 106. hitch hiker

#### 107. foil

#### 108. innate

#### 109. jeweller

#### 110. yardstick

#### 111. nursery

#### 112. rhyme

#### 113. crooked

#### 114. herd

#### 115. giant

#### 116. minion

#### 117. puff

#### 118. cushion

#### 119. pistachio

#### 120. flaw

#### 121. engagement

#### 122. chaotic and twirly

#### 123. erect

#### 124. freak

#### 125. cheesy

#### 126. edgy

#### 127. pace

#### 128. steer

#### 129. couch

#### 130. anecdotic

#### 131. renovate

#### 132. organic

#### 133. screw

#### 134. hysterical

#### 135. vinegar


2023-11-24
----------

#### 136. domestic

#### 137. contest

#### 138. munchies

#### 139. munch

#### 140. indulge

#### 141. peanut

#### 142. sundae

#### 143. cone

#### 144. verbal

#### 145. splendid

#### 146. epic

#### 147. genre

#### 148. collocation

#### 149. anticipate

#### 150. stuffed

#### 151. brownie

#### 152. sorbet

#### 152. sorrowful

#### 153. grease

#### 154. residential

#### 155. pedestrian

#### 156. spooky

#### 157. whip

#### 158. cereal

#### 159. visceral

#### 160. jewish

#### 161. eligible

#### 162. exuberant

#### 163. patio

#### 164. compliment

#### 165. cylindrical

xxx
---------
#### 166. specialize in 
